It's no problem.
As long as you can make a fortune with Xiaohu
Xiaohu will invite you to eat numb hands
It's hello Kitty next to you.
Good Tiger Lord
Appearance, please help me trade then.
Hahaha, then you can be busy first.
I'm going to buy a house with my sister tomorrow
Let's go, welcome to Lord Deer, welcome to Lord Deer
President Dong
Oh yes it's me
I manage money
Today I made a 30 million deposit
What? 30 million?
Head of Mission
Take a look at the position of the mayor of the city
Can you consider me?
After this year's assessment
You're ready to take office?
Then goodbye to the boss
Hum a force sideways
If only this one on the street was bad
That's a neat cross.
Lao Guo
Oops, why are you here again?
This little money?
I still have to ask you to invest more in the wrong Pharaoh
And that's not a trivial amount.